Mansi Chandra

Q1.shell - The shell is the UNIX command processor.
   program - A set of coded instructions contained in a file.
   process - A process is what you get whenever the computer runs a program.
   option - modifies what the command does
   argument - Anything that follows the command name - including the options and file names.
   standard input - It is the file where the program normally looks for input
   standard output - It is the file where the program send output 
   grave accent - Backquotes also known as grave accent marks are used to enclose commands taht we want the shell to run 
   redirection - Allows you to redirect the standard output from the terminal 
screen into an ordinary file instead
   pipe - Connects theoutput from one utility to the input of another.
   tee - A tee allows you to save the output from a command in a file and pipe 
the output to another command.
   filter - Takes a stream of data from its standard input, transforms the data in some way and sends the results to the standard output 
   metacharacter - These are the special characters that are first interpreted by the shell before passing the same to the command.
   wildcard - characters taht can stand for other characters
   quote - If we want the shell to treat each character as themselves and not as some special character, we quote them
   background process - Processes that can run unattended and are often put in the background
   foreground process - Process that you work on
   process id number - Whichever shell you are using, it assigns a process identification number
   PID - PID (process identification number) 
   job number - Bash also assigns a jpob number which is the number in brackets 
   job control - Allows you to stop processes temporarily, move foreground processes to the background and back again an dkill processes.


Q2. 
(a) No match
(b) display all files filetypes in particular directory
(c) echo *
(d) echo
(e) It displays lines of text or string which are passed as arguments on the command line.
(f) No match
 
   
Q3. cat *ing

Q4. ls *[Xx]*

Q5. cat *o*

Q6. cat b*ack*


