1.
Shell: The shell is the Unix comman processor which interprets commands and 
takes the appropriate actions.

Option: Is a special argument that Modifies the effects of a command.

Standard Output: The standard output (stdout) is the file where the program
sends output. 

Pipe: Combines two or more commands in which the output of one command acts as
the input of another command, and this command's output may act as input to
the next command and so on. 

Metacharacter: These are the special characters that are first interpreted by
the shell before passing the same to the command. 

Background Process: Is a process that executs independently of the shell, leavi
ng the terminal free for other work. 

PID: This is the process identification number.

Program: Is a command interpreter that provides you with an interface to the
operating system. 

Argument: Input given to a command line to process that input with help of give
n command. 

Grave Accent: Command that will stary another shell prompt(B). The ouput of any
command entered in B is a command for A. 

Tee: A tee allows you to do two things at once: (1) save the output from a command in a file, and (2) pipe the output to another command. 

Wild Card: Are characters that can stand for other characters in order to abb
reviate them. 

Foreground Process: Is one that occupites your shell(terminal window), meaning
that any new commands that are typed have no effect until the previous command
is finished.

Job Number: Refers to background processes that are currently running under you
r shell. 

Process: Is an instance of a prgram running in a computer.

Standard Input: The Standard Input(stdin) is the file where the program normall
y looks for input. 

redirection: Allows commands' file handles to be duplicated, opened, closed, 
made to refer to different files, and can change the files the command reads
from and writes to. Redirection can also be used to modify file handles in the
current shell execution environment. 

Filter: Are the set of of commands that take input from standard input stream
i.e. stdin, perform some operations and write output to standard output stream
i.e. stdout. 

Quote: is used to remove the special meaning of certain characters or words to 
the shell. 

Process ID Number: is a number used in unix to uniquely identify an active pro
cess. 

Job Control: Makes it easeir to manage background processes. Job Control comman
ds allow you to stop processes temporarily, move foreground processes to the
background and back again, and kill processes.

2. 

echo *:It will return everything from that area onto the screen. 

echo /*: It wil only print out a directory. 

echo\*: Takes you up one level and prints out everything in that level. 

echo "*": Prints out the star. 

echo: Prints out nothing.

echo: */*: will print out */*

rm*: removes everything. 

3.
 Cat ing would preview everything ending in ing.
4. ls *[Xx]*
5. Cat *o*
6. Cat b*ack*
  
